WEEK 1
bills at dolphins
colts at patriots
jets at buccaneers
bengals at broncos
browns at cowboys
oilers at raiders
steelers at chargers
chiefs at falcons
seahawks at saints
redskins at lions
giants at 49ers
eagles at packers
bears at vikings
cardinals at rams

WEEK 2
bills at steelers
colts at dolphins
patriots at browns
jets at seahawks
bengals at oilers
broncos at raiders
chiefs at saints
chargers at 49ers
redskins at cowboys
giants at rams
eagles at cardinals
bears at buccaneers
lions at packers
vikings at falcons

WEEK 3
bills at jets
colts at raiders
patriots at steelers
dolphins at lions
bengals at browns
oilers at chiefs
broncos at seahawks
chargers at falcons
redskins at cardinals
giants at bears
eagles at cowboys
packers at buccaneers
vikings at 49ers
rams at saints

WEEK 4
bills at buccaneers
colts at lions
dolphins at packers
patriots at oilers
jets at bears
bengals at redskins
browns at giants
steelers at eagles
broncos at chargers
chiefs at seahawks
cardinals at cowboys
vikings at saints
raiders at falcons
49ers at rams

WEEK 5
bills at bears
colts at seahawks
dolphins at jets
patriots at cardinals
broncos at vikings
chiefs at chargers
raiders at 49ers
redskins at eagles
giants at cowboys
lions at buccaneers
packers at rams
saints at falcons

WEEK 6
bills at chiefs
colts at steelers
dolphins at patriots
jets at browns
bengals at seahawks
oilers at broncos
raiders at chargers
redskins at bears
giants at cardinals
eagles at buccaneers
cowboys at packers
lions at vikings

WEEK 7
bills at colts
dolphins at chiefs
jets at oilers
bengals at cowboys
browns at redskins
steelers at giants
raiders at seahawks
chargers at rams
eagles at saints
cardinals at vikings
49ers at falcons

WEEK 8
bills at bengals
colts at jets
dolphins at oilers
patriots at vikings
browns at chargers
steelers at seahawks
broncos at chiefs
raiders at rams
cardinals at falcons
bears at packers
lions at 49ers
buccaneers at saints

WEEK 9
patriots at broncos
bengals at oilers
browns at steelers
chiefs at raiders
chargers at seahawks
redskins at giants
eagles at 49ers
cardinals at vikings
cowboys at lions
bears at saints
packers at buccaneers
rams at falcons

WEEK 10
bills at patriots
colts at dolphins
jets at packers
bengals at browns
oilers at redskins
steelers at broncos
giants at eagles
cardinals at cowboys
bears at lions
vikings at buccaneers
49ers at falcons
rams at saints

WEEK 11
bills at packers
colts at jets
dolphins at patriots
bengals at steelers
browns at eagles
oilers at cowboys
broncos at raiders
chiefs at rams
chargers at seahawks
redskins at falcons
giants at cardinals
49ers at saints
bears at vikings
lions at buccaneers

WEEK 12
bills at dolphins
colts at bears
patriots at jets
bengals at eagles
browns at oilers
steelers at redskins
broncos at chiefs
raiders at seahawks
chargers at saints
giants at cowboys
cardinals at 49ers
lions at rams
packers at vikings
buccaneers at falcons

WEEK 13
bills at patriots
colts at packers
dolphins at bears
jets at chargers
bengals at raiders
browns at chiefs
oilers at steelers
broncos at seahawks
redskins at cowboys
giants at buccaneers
eagles at cardinals
lions at vikings
49ers at rams
saints at falcons

WEEK 14
bills at jets
colts at browns
dolphins at buccaneers
patriots at broncos
bengals at giants
oilers at eagles
chiefs at seahawks
raiders at chargers
redskins at rams
steelers at cowboys
bears at lions
packers at falcons
49ers at saints

WEEK 15
bills at raiders
colts at patriots
dolphins at bengals
jets at lions
browns at broncos
oilers at steelers
chiefs at chargers
seahawks at 49ers
redskins at cardinals
giants at eagles
cowboys at saints
bears at packers
vikings at buccaneers
rams at falcons

WEEK 16
bills at colts
dolphins at chargers
patriots at jets
bengals at steelers
browns at oilers
broncos at cardinals
chiefs at 49ers
raiders at saints
seahawks at falcons
redskins at giants
eagles at cowboys
bears at buccaneers
lions at packers
vikings at rams

WEEK 17
bills at lions
colts at buccaneers
dolphins at jets
patriots at bengals
browns at steelers
oilers at giants
broncos at chargers
chiefs at raiders
seahawks at rams
redskins at eagles
cardinals at saints
cowboys at falcons
bears at 49ers
vikings at packers