WEEK 1
packers at saints
ravens at steelers
browns at bengals
texans at colts
jaguars at titans
bears at falcons
chiefs at bills
rams at eagles
buccaneers at lions
49ers at seahawks
redskins at giants
chargers at vikings
cardinals at panthers
jets at cowboys
dolphins at patriots
broncos at raiders

WEEK 2
lions at chiefs
steelers at seahawks
bills at raiders
panthers at packers
titans at ravens
colts at browns
vikings at buccaneers
redskins at cardinals
saints at bears
jets at jaguars
49ers at cowboys
patriots at chargers
broncos at bengals
dolphins at texans
falcons at eagles
giants at rams

WEEK 3
bills at patriots
vikings at lions
eagles at giants
panthers at jaguars
bengals at 49ers
saints at texans
browns at dolphins
titans at broncos
chargers at chiefs
rams at ravens
raiders at jets
bears at packers
buccaneers at falcons
seahawks at cardinals
colts at steelers
cowboys at redskins

WEEK 4
jaguars at saints
chiefs at vikings
bears at panthers
browns at titans
texans at steelers
eagles at 49ers
rams at redskins
bengals at bills
cowboys at lions
cardinals at giants
seahawks at falcons
packers at broncos
raiders at patriots
chargers at dolphins
ravens at jets
buccaneers at colts

WEEK 5
panthers at saints
bills at eagles
jaguars at bengals
giants at seahawks
steelers at titans
texans at raiders
colts at chiefs
vikings at cardinals
49ers at buccaneers
broncos at chargers
patriots at jets
falcons at packers
lions at bears

WEEK 6
falcons at panthers
redskins at eagles
giants at bills
bengals at colts
steelers at jaguars
lions at 49ers
packers at rams
ravens at texans
raiders at browns
buccaneers at saints
patriots at cowboys
bears at vikings
jets at dolphins

WEEK 7
titans at texans
browns at seahawks
lions at falcons
dolphins at broncos
jets at chargers
buccaneers at bears
panthers at redskins
raiders at chiefs
cardinals at steelers
vikings at packers
cowboys at rams
saints at colts
jaguars at ravens

WEEK 8
titans at colts
texans at jaguars
ravens at cardinals
giants at dolphins
panthers at vikings
rams at saints
bills at redskins
broncos at lions
49ers at browns
seahawks at bengals
steelers at patriots
eagles at cowboys
chiefs at chargers

WEEK 9
bills at jets
saints at buccaneers
colts at falcons
cowboys at seahawks
chiefs at dolphins
redskins at 49ers
texans at browns
raiders at broncos
titans at bengals
cardinals at rams
patriots at giants
chargers at packers
steelers at ravens
eagles at bears

WEEK 10
chargers at raiders
falcons at saints
bears at lions
colts at jaguars
chiefs at broncos
bengals at steelers
panthers at titans
buccaneers at texans
dolphins at redskins
browns at rams
cowboys at bills
eagles at cardinals
seahawks at ravens
49ers at giants
jets at patriots
packers at vikings

WEEK 11
broncos at jets
ravens at bengals
redskins at cowboys
dolphins at bills
falcons at titans
vikings at raiders
browns at jaguars
lions at panthers
packers at buccaneers
rams at seahawks
49ers at cardinals
bears at chargers
giants at eagles
patriots at chiefs

WEEK 12
lions at packers
cowboys at dolphins
ravens at 49ers
bengals at browns
jaguars at texans
rams at cardinals
jets at bills
titans at buccaneers
colts at panthers
falcons at vikings
raiders at bears
seahawks at redskins
chargers at broncos
eagles at patriots
chiefs at steelers
saints at giants

WEEK 13
seahawks at eagles
browns at ravens
steelers at bengals
buccaneers at panthers
bears at chiefs
redskins at jets
texans at falcons
dolphins at raiders
saints at lions
bills at titans
vikings at broncos
49ers at rams
cardinals at cowboys
giants at packers
patriots at colts
jaguars at chargers

WEEK 14
steelers at browns
panthers at falcons
lions at vikings
packers at raiders
jaguars at buccaneers
dolphins at eagles
redskins at patriots
titans at saints
ravens at colts
jets at chiefs
bengals at texans
cardinals at 49ers
broncos at bears
chargers at bills
cowboys at giants
seahawks at rams

WEEK 15
falcons at jaguars
buccaneers at cowboys
bills at dolphins
giants at redskins
colts at titans
texans at panthers
chiefs at packers
rams at bengals
vikings at saints
bears at seahawks
raiders at lions
eagles at jets
cardinals at browns
broncos at patriots
chargers at ravens
49ers at steelers

WEEK 16
colts at texans
ravens at browns
panthers at buccaneers
patriots at dolphins
chiefs at raiders
titans at jaguars
bengals at cardinals
jets at giants
steelers at rams
bills at broncos
redskins at vikings
lions at chargers
cowboys at eagles
seahawks at 49ers
packers at bears
saints at falcons

WEEK 17
falcons at buccaneers
giants at cowboys
saints at panthers
rams at 49ers
jaguars at colts
texans at titans
packers at lions
eagles at redskins
patriots at bills
vikings at bears
dolphins at jets
bengals at ravens
browns at steelers
broncos at chiefs
cardinals at seahawks
raiders at chargers

